I want to show you that Enigma is also about discovering new datasets you didn’t even know were relevant or existed, right? So you can see that scrolling all of this, that you can build a rich portrait of a company like google, check out FCC licenses, maybe the latest registration for Google Glass is in there, or you know lobbying records - see what issues Google is behind and how much money it’s actually committing to them. You know, private investments, or you can map out all of Google’s subsidiaries. But there’s something that caught our attention at Enigma, we actually saw Google popping up in this department of energy dataset. And let’s go take a look. Okay, now we’re looking at each and every single electricity contract purchase agreement in the United States. And we’re learning that Google is actually operating like a utility, buying electricity directly for itself as a registered utility. And let’s see who it’s buying electricity from. There’s a lot of good companies in there, and they’re all ranked. And we know that Google has really been pushing towards sustainability in its operations. But now, now we see it play out in data. We can do things with Enigma like break down how many megawatts were delivered to which facilities, and how far these contracts are hedged out in the future. Let’s stop for a second, I want to show you how we can get to this sort of insight without even being in the web app, right? So what if I were just browsing the internet and going to the Google green investments webpage. We have this browser plugin, soon as you activate it, all of the entities on the page just light up - companies, people, locations. And in this case, we can just click on clean power finance, which Google invested in, and be routed back to everywhere it hits in Enigma. Let’s go check out, you know, government grants for this specific project, see what sort of money was received. And there you have it. That’s just a taste of what we can do with Enigma. You know, so many companies have pioneered how we analyze the world with data, but what we’re trying to disrupt is something much deeper in the stack, right? So fundamental issues of infrastructure and the content itself.


